How we do content (Handbook Update) (#7152)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/marketing/content.md

## Who is our audience?

- **Founders:** Technical and non-technical founders seeking advice on how to run a successful startup. We share what we've learned and curate the best startup advice in our [founders hub](/founders).

- **Product engineers:** Software engineers who want to improve their product skills, understand users, and build successful new products. We share what we've learned and curate useful advice in the [product engineers hub](/product-engineers).

- **PostHog users:** Existing PostHog users how want to develop their skills and learn how to get the most out of PostHog.

- **B2B SaaS companies:** Our ideal customers are B2B SaaS companies who need reliable user data and simplified data stack. Most of our output is tailored toward B2B uses cases.

## What kind of content do we produce?

1. **Opinionated advice** – Articles where we offer a strong point of view on a topic that impacts our audience. Examples include [The Product-Market Fit Game](/founders/product-market-fit-game), [Burning money on paid ads for a dev tool](/founders/dev-marketing-paid-ads), and [VC is a tool, not a religion](/founders/using-vc-carefully) 

> 2. **Brand building** – Articles where we share and advocate for our philosophy and values. Examples include [We like to ship fast. Here's how we designed our company to do it](/founders/how-come-we-ship-so-much), [How to run a transparent startup](/founders/how-to-run-a-transparent-company), and [How (and why) we treat pricing like a product](/founders/how-to-treat-your-pricing-like-a-product).

Author: See below change

> 2. **Brand building** – Articles where we share and advocate for our philosophy and values. Examples include [We like to ship fast. Here's how we designed our company to do it](/founders/how-come-we-ship-so-much), [How to run a transparent startup](/founders/how-to-run-a-transparent-company), and [How (and why) we treat pricing like a product](/founders/how-to-treat-your-pricing-like-a-product).
> 
> 3. **High intent SEO guides** – Articles for people actively considering PostHog, or searching for a product like ours. Examples include comparisons between [PostHog and competing products](/blog/tags/comparisons), guides on the [best alternatives to popular tools](/blog/best-heap-alternatives), and guides to [most popular tools in our segments](/blog/best-open-source-ab-testing-tools).
> 
> 4. **Helpful evergreen guides:** Articles on topics of interest to our users and potential users. They generally target popular search terms. Examples include [How to measure product-market fit](/founders/measure-product-market-fit), [The AARRR pirate funnel explained](/product-engineers/aarrr-pirate-funnel), and [8 annoying A/B testing mistakes every engineer should know](/product-engineers/ab-testing-mistakes).
> 
> 5. **Engineering tutorials:** – Guides on how to do specific things in PostHog. These can be for existing PostHog users, or aimed at potential users who are trying to solve a specific problem. Some, like [How to set up Python A/B testing](/tutorials/python-ab-testing) are SEO focused. Others, like [How to show a survey after a delay](/tutorials/delayed-survey), focus on specific PostHog user pain points.

Author: ```suggestion

2. **High intent SEO comparisons** – Articles for people actively considering PostHog, or searching for a product like ours. Examples include comparisons between [PostHog and competing products](/blog/tags/comparisons), guides on the [best alternatives to popular tools](/blog/best-heap-alternatives), and guides to [most popular tools in our segments](/blog/best-open-source-ab-testing-tools).

3. **Helpful evergreen guides:** Articles on topics of interest to our users and potential users. They generally target popular search terms. Examples include [How to measure product-market fit](/founders/measure-product-market-fit), [The AARRR pirate funnel explained](/product-engineers/aarrr-pirate-funnel), and [8 annoying A/B testing mistakes every engineer should know](/product-engineers/ab-testing-mistakes).

4. **Engineering tutorials:** – Guides on how to do specific things in PostHog. These can be for existing PostHog users, or aimed at potential users who are trying to solve a specific problem. Some, like [How to set up Python A/B testing](/tutorials/python-ab-testing) are SEO focused. Others, like [How to show a survey after a delay](/tutorials/delayed-survey), focus on specific PostHog user pain points.

5. **Newsletters:** – Our newsletter, [Product for Engineers](https://newsletter.posthog.com), is both a distribution channel and its own content category. Issues often curate or summarize our existing content, or that of others, into an easy to digest, snackable format. 
```

Author: Removed brand building and added newsletter because I like a round number. :D

### Good to knows

> - The marketing team is responsible for all the above – mostly Andy, Ian, and Lior, but James Hawkins, Joe and Charles also contribute. The Website & Docs team owns our [reference documentation](/docs). 

Author: This guide is more about content than docs. We should probably look at updating docs handbook stuff separately.
